So let us write a function print level order to print
a level order traverse alot of beina oratory
So this function takes the root of the tree as
input.
Firstly if the given tree is empty we can return
straight away
So write if root equal to null, then return If not
we need to declare a queue for level order traversal
and push the root of the tree into it.
So write q (node *  q)
So a queue named Q is created now write
push(root) to insert the root into the queue
After that while the queue is north empty
We need to get front node print
It's dad out then pop it and push its children
into the queue and repeat the process.
So write while not Q.empty
First get the front node
Using front function, we can get the front node
so write
node * node equal to q.front and then print
the node data
So write cout.node data
The next step is to pop the front node
And since we have took the back up of front node
in variable node we can pop front node from the
queue.
So write q.pop after that we need to
push the current node's left and right child into the
queue.
But before that, we need to check if left and
right is if it is not feed only to push it
so write if not left not equal to null
q.push(node-left)
And if node-right not equal to null
q.push(node-right) And that's it
This while loop will execute as long as the queue is
not empty and when it becomes 70 we will have
the level order traversal of the tree printed